Yes Hello everyone
Yes this time the 43rd Tokyo Motor Show 2013
Huh
Times recently tomica opened part 3 yes yes from now
I would like to introduce 86 when difficulty dungeon twice
Ihaa' ThatLookLikeThis
Money Te
The actual production is October 12, 2013
Made in Vietnam
The first time it spreads in the water Come on Evolution x
Have
Second time to say that introduced the Canter Mitsubishi Fuso
This will be weird
Then
I hope to open it soon
Ah
There Huh
Big
yeah this is cormorant
It is I and cool is the color of pretty good feeling
There
Pop
Are you
Cool
I like this
Have Tei
Other doing news
bright
It's blue
If you look at it with a little camera
Do not look like a deep color this way about the light
I think I can understand picking up red
It is blue
With the atmosphere
Have or the blue like a Sasupenshoto
The euro is delicious-
Hi spe A little nail kit will do bad
The line you made &
It is like this
Well then cool
This time in the mountains
Hmm
I want to end with voice
In this brain target
Toyota 86
Concept
Open sound concept car
I was polite but
I wonder there will also be Tomica
It looks like it doesn't really change in size
I think I can do it with Tomica
It is sprouting looks good not expect to open exits Hano in three days and
That's right, so it's 86 and I am now
Say I want you to ne No, I guess I feel to the game as much as possible and to 3 challenges star
By the rules I before Torre
I think I'm pretty ne 86 recruitment there were many
It's now age 8
But it he's got to or I wonder if become in the eyes normal to or in one of post
It is the fourth unit with this 86 cat I
I I If you win the next fifth generation is sister
It will be amazing
A little talk has deviated, but it enters
Thank you for watching this time I hope to end with this
Goodbye